good afternoon dear friends i welcome
you on the channel smokers shop today
I 'll answer some blitz
frequently asked questions so
go
what material is better to buy a tube
from briar
it is more durable and as a result
durable everything else leave on
time when you will clearly represent
yourself what and why do you need the very first
tube should be briar what are you
Briard read the link given in
description of the video how to disassemble
smoking pipe for this pipe
must be cooled just recoverable
doctor's pieces it clockwise fiber stream
Briars a man with a drill in this
direction and if we rotate
counterclockwise we can them
raise may eventually result in
jamming the mouthpiece and maybe not
lead but this is not the case as well
worth the risk
how often do you need to clean the smoking room
a tube
the pipe is cleaned after each smoking
before that it should cool down and only
after that the tube can be disassembled
whether to wash a smoking pipe
there is no everyday life sometimes
need to clean the tobacco chamber
moisture toothbrush if you
recovering old very confusing
the tube is usually the same with regular care
good enough cleaning trubachymi
ruffs
how and which side to insert the filter in
tube in which side to insert
filter in the smoking pipe absolutely
there is no difference insert filter
any ends until easy click after
which collect tube rotate the mouthpiece
how often do you need to change the filter in the tube
the filter changes during cleaning after
each smoking tube burned gave
cool down a little and then disassemble it and
remove the filter
what to do if tobacco is planted
of course you can put all the charms
taste you will not return but tobacco will
quite chicken
especially since there is not always a choice
especially if we are talking about those tobacco
mixtures that have not been produced for a long time
tobacco moistening issues
we will dedicate a separate video and article
if you friends will consider it necessary
vote in the comments is it possible to dry
pipe smoking in the sun is not in
first sharp uneven heating
wood can bring to her
damage or at least cusack during
second ebonite mouthpieces burn out on
the sun was oxidized if you dry the bowl on
the sun without two pieces and then you can get
the result when we pieces just
will cease to be inserted into a tube why
this is my tube changing color why and how
fight it
this is normal and even inevitably masonry
briar you and tubes without varnish and black
finish sooner or later becomes
one color soaking new than
lighter natural finish tube themes
noticed a change in color
but in the end all smooth tubes at
regular smoking becomes the same
even green blue if they are not covered
varnish what to do if the handset is strong
heats up while smoking experimenting with
packing density towards it
decrease
working on you smoking pipe should
be a little warm don't make sharp and
deep puffs and do not seek to squeeze
out of the tube more smoke
smoke and slowly and calmly and not
scary if the tube go out the same
Tips are valid for those cases when
tube chicken too wet
that's probably all for today if you
think that some questions are necessary
light in more detail write about this in
comments you can also ask your
questions and I will try to answer
most frequent interesting here thanks
for viewing if you like the movie
put likes subscribe to the channel and
See you at the channel Smokers Shop